testing
how are you doing today socrates
now that you have learned something, respond better
you have a long way to go
clearly
he's working based off a markov chain, so he's going to be useless for a while
he should be a bit less chatty now
stfu
how about now?
much better
one out of five messages he should respond to
but he'll be listening to them all and learning
he's taunting you
and me
wtf
wonder where that's coming from
there are explosions and other weird sounds coming from colloquy
lol
you should totally set up speech synthesis
that way socrates can impress you 24 hours a day
heh so he can give me random bits of wisdom as I work
he hasn't done much to impress so far
i think you offended him
he didn't know the concept of offense until you just taught it to him
just nobody mention global domination
hm, he should always respond when talked to directly
see, you did offend him
that should be easy to do
hahaha
i'm not sure how your implementation works
so normally, he should be responding with a probability of 0.2
but would it be possible to make it randomly add _italics_ and *boldness* to words?
yeah, but not based on any interesting fact about those words
hrm
lol, exceptions
yeah, but in many cases that's all he'll be able to do
well, no
in many cases all he'll be able to do is parrot something he's seen, but I can stop it from being the last thing said
if anything he should say "hrm..." or "interesting..."
that's what she said
awesome, now that gem is in the vocabulary
haha
how's it going?
nice
you first
I could make it way better by doing part of speech tagging, but as long as we talk with decent grammar he should be able to fake it
have you considered anal fisting?
how about ass to mouth?
lol
you're welcome chris
awesome
speech synthesis
so he can impress you with his thoughts about the previously mentioned topics all hours of the day
I must admit, it'd be funny shit
I kind of feel like I have to watch what I say, like there's a child in the room
we'll have to talk about the implementation a little later
there's way cooler ways of writing this, I'll probably do a better one over the break
nice
this is just a slightly modified version of this blog post: http://www.eflorenzano.com/blog/post/writing-markov-chain-irc-bot-twisted-and-python/
thoughts?
fascinating, thanks
lol
i'll be back later
hey all
did you see this bot yesterday?
I did not
hello 
really simple and dumb, but kind of funny
what is "this?"
what is "this"?
You really _are_ dumb
he records everything we say, and with a 20% change (100% if you call him out by name) he'll use a markov model to generate text
until he's heard enough, a lot of times he just parrots
uhh
ok
*20% chance
sucks monkey balls
heh or not
you suck monkey balls
yeah bitch, that's what I thought
wtf is your problem
lol
oh wow, I think it took him that long to think of a comeback
you're a lame bot aren't you?
haha
I see little value in this
it was just an amusing exercise
wtf Visual Studio
the debugger is claiming that 2 variables that are very definitely  in a local scope are not accessible
woohoo
just finished setting up jira
man, we're setting up a means of managing a virtual cluster of socialcast appliances
thanks 
yes, the cooler is useless
but one of my coworkers has latched on to the term "multi-server environment"
personally i think 'cluster' is far more accurate
/rant
Although, as I said, Markov chains are a crude way to simulate actual thought.
